Make the 3.1 notes more prominent in kubernetes-events.md as this is a breaking change (#1449)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/kubernetes-events.md

## Configuration

> Note: Starting with Fluent Bit 3.1, the Kubernetes Events plugin uses a Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Fluent Bit 3.1, the Kubernetes Events plugin uses a Kubernetes
```

## Configuration

> NOTE: As of Fluent-Bit 3.1, this plugin uses a Kubernetes watch stream instead of polling. In versions before 3.1, the interval parameters are used for reconnecting the Kubernetes watch stream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: Starting with Fluent Bit 3.1, the Kubernetes Events plugin uses a Kubernetes
watch stream instead of polling. Previous versions use the interval parameters for
reconnecting the Kubernetes watch stream.
```
